<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Test Method</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#"/>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="FacebookRestClient" href="../../classes/FacebookRestClient.xhtml">FacebookRestClient</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">connect_registerUsers</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/third_party/facebookapi_php5_restlib.php.xhtml#line426">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>FacebookRestClient::</small>connect_registerUsers</h1>
        <h4>This method is used to create an association between an external user account and a Facebook user account, as per Facebook Connect.</h4>
        <p>This method takes an array of account data, including a required email_hash
and optional account data. For each connected account, if the user exists,
the information is added to the set of the user's connected accounts.
If the user has already authorized the site, the connected account is added
in the confirmed state. If the user has not yet authorized the site, the
connected account is added in the pending state.

This is designed to help Facebook Connect recognize when two Facebook
friends are both members of a external site, but perhaps are not aware of
it.  The Connect dialog (see fb:connect-form) is used when friends can be
identified through these email hashes. See the following url for details:

  http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Connect.registerUsers</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function connect_registerUsers(mixed
        $accounts )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$accounts</code>
                —
                mixed</dt>
          <dd>A (JSON-encoded) array of arrays, where each array<br/>has three properties:<br/>'email_hash' (req) - public email hash of account<br/>'account_id' (opt) - remote account id;<br/>                       'account_url' (opt) - url to remote account;</dd>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>array</dt>
          <dd>The list of email hashes for the successfully registered<br/>accounts.</dd>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span/>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
